c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.pdb
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.dll
c:\users\jjimenezc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.pdb
C:\Users\JJIMENEZC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libComunes.dll
C:\Users\JJIMENEZC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libClases6-8.pdb
C:\Users\JJIMENEZC\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libComunes.pdb
C:\Users\JJIMENEZC\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuyCtrl.dll
C:\Users\JJIMENEZC\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libClases6-8.dll
C:\Users\JJIMENEZC\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuyCtrl.pdb
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.pdb
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuyCtrl.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libComunes.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuyCtrl.pdb
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libClases6-8.pdb
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libComunes.pdb
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.dll
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.pdb
D:\Dropbox\2014\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.dll.config
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.dll.config
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuy.pdb
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuyCtrl.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libComunes.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EasyBuyCtrl.pdb
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libClases6-8.pdb
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\libComunes.pdb
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\bin\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.dll
C:\Users\juan\Documents\GitHub\EasyBuy\EasyBuy\obj\Debug\EasyBuy.pdb
